Add more Rate Limit Examples to Limits page (#1962)
vercel/docs: pages/docs/v2/platform/limits.mdx

  excluded from the count for "Serverless Functions per Deployment".
</Note>

### General Limit Examples

Below are two examples that provide further information on how general limits work.

#### Serverless Functions per Deployment (Hobby)

You are able to deploy up to `12` unique [Serverless Functions](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/introduction/) per [Deployment](/docs/v2/platform/deployments). Should you exceed this general limit, you will receive an error telling you this.

#### Serverless Functions per Month (Hobby)

> You are able to deploy a total of `160` [Serverless Functions](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/introduction/) per month. Each [Deployment](/docs/v2/platform/deployments)'s number of Serverless Functions will count toward the `160` Serverless Functions per month. Should you exceed this general limit, you will need to wait till the current month ends before you can deploy more Serverless Functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are able to deploy a total of `160` unique [Serverless Functions](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/introduction/) per month. For each [Deployment](/docs/v2/platform/deployments), if a Serverless Function's code has changed since the last, it will detract 1 from the available limit as the function will need to be rebuilt. Should you exceed this general limit, you will need to wait till the current month ends before you can deploy more Serverless Functions.
```
